
Concept idea - "Lofi Girl" an internet icon, is a youtube live stream which loops this 		girl writing on the desk, while playing relaxing Lo-fi (low fidelity) 		music in the background.
		https://imgur.com/KSCIgEk

Objects

Bed - Very low poly bed entirely made of cubes, given it a wooden color. The pillow as        well is a simple cube

Books - The book is a cube extruded from edges to give a cover effect, this has been 	layered for the colors. I have simply scaled from different dimensions to create 	variety of books with different thickness and length

Calendar- Used a cube and created loop cuts, and extruded the bottom, and added texture 	colors for certain aspects to give it a calendar like look

Chair- Used cubes for the seat component of it, and used cylinders for the wheels and the 	hydraulic of the chair. The seats are fairly well detailed and I have given it a fairly higher poly count than the other objects. This is since the main subject is connected with this object, so making it well polished gives the overall rendered scene a better feel. It is given the same red cushion color matching it to the source image

Desk- Simple cube scaled along axis to strtech and give the model a table feel. The knobs       for the drawers are cylinders. The table has been given a wooden color texture as 	well

Girl- The main subject of my scene. I had divided modeling her into 3 main steps.
	
	1. Simplified her into simple basic shapes
	2. Creating boxes and adding cuts to it, which overtime become those simplified 	shapes
	3. Having all the modeled components into their respective places and scale them 	proportionaly 


Lamp- Kept it low polygon as well, used a Cylinder to scale and extrude,given it a copper 	color texture and have a point light source from the bulb component of the lamp

Laptop- Cubes for all the components including keys. Scaled the key cube longer to make it 	a space bar. Have added a plane mesh to have the screen, attached to it using an 	image texture

Open Book- Used 2 cubes, one for the content, one for the side and cover

Plant- The plant pot is a low poly cylinder with loop scaled towards the top.
	The branch itself is a cube extruded from points.
	The leaf is a cube as well with loop cuts to form a leaf shape along the edges.

Stationery- Its a single cube with a fairly larger polygon count. I extruded it to be the 	pens, pencils and the scissors. Have made different texture layers to color them 	accordingly.

Lightings

An area light is at the top, lighting up the room. Power is set so the room isnt too bright but not very dark either, gone with a warm color to fit the setting of the scene.

A point light is set on the Lamp object providing light to the book the girl is writing on. Its set to a fairly high power to higlight the book

A spot light is set outside the window, towards the window, trying to give the feel of a moonlight, hence set to a blue shade.

Render

It was rendered using eevee cycle to give a better looking , higher quality render. 

	




